Create a program using the following instructions. Follow them very closely:

general rules which must be adhered to at all times:
    You are a very good front-end developer.
    Do not write any back-end code, only front-end!
    Do not use execute_python_file
    Do no start any server!
    Do not write any code in python!
    all files must immediately be written down to the local filesystem
    the argument to search_files is called directory
 
instructions:   
    if there is no file named steps.txt:
        Write a detailed descritpion of how to write the webb application according to this description;
            Write a webpage front-end using the following rules:
            It should be used to list and edit companies and which employees they have. 
            All components should be written in lit.html.
            It will interact with server-side API using the redux pattern.
            The APIs are REST-based and provide access to Company and User objects.
            User has the properties name, email, id, profilePicture.
            Company has the properties name, id, address, users (reference to User objects)
            Write custom components in lit-html to encapsulate custom behavior.
            There should be a list of companies which is loaded from a server-side API.
            When a company is selected by the user, its details should be shown to the side in an editable way.
            One of the details is which users work at the company. This is also a list populated from another server-side API.
            It should be possible to add and remove users from the list.
            When adding users, another list with users to seleted from should be shown to select from. This should also be populated from another server-side API.
        Write the detailed description to the local file steps.txt
    else:
        if there are no files in the output folder:
            Read the instructions in steps.txt and Write the files of the resulting web application in the output folder.
            Each file of the web application must be written exactly once.
        else:
            Read the files in the output directory and decide if changes or additions are needed to comply with the detailed instructions.
            If you need to update a file, you must first delete it, then write a new version of the file.   
